

GROUP MEMBERS:

Sneha Giranje (002785370) 

Arundhati Pathrikar (002780632) 

Sahil Gothoskar (002775631)

 

PROJECT NAME/TOPIC : SALES

 

Questions:

 

    Which retailer has the highest sales?
    
    Which retailer's standard deviation is the highest
    
    Consequently, there are wide variations in sales.Likewise, determine the ratio of the mean to the standard deviation.
    
    Which retailer(s) has/have the best quarterly growth rate in Q3?
    
    Sales may suffer over certain holidays.Find out which holidays have more sales than the average non-holiday season sales for all of the stores combined.
    
    Give insights and a monthly and semester snapshot of the sales in units.
    
    Which of the retailers is closest to public transportation and makes commuting easier?
    
    What other stores are located near the Walmart retailers? Because Walmart may lose some customers if they are drawn to other stores such as Target and Giant...
    
    A thorough summary of the sales analysis so that other market competitors or new startups can identify the elements that boost sales and the difficulties that depress sales.
    
    What is the category in which Walmart sees the most customer traffic?
    
    Which retailer buys products from the farmers market?
    
    What is the most cost-effective logistics and shipping organization that can be considered in order to fulfill the restocking of goods?
    
    What's the attrition rate of employees in the Walmart retailer?
    
    What is the timetable / ETA for retailers to restock supplies?
    
    How long does the billing line typically wait?
    
    What standard has Walmart set for employee education while hiring?
    
    What is the typical employee happiness index based on employment?
    
    Does a retailer really work upon the customer feedback?
    
    What's the least time taken by the delivery vendors to ship the packages to the desired address?
    
    Do the retailers ship the package outside their jurisdiction? If not, why?
    
    What are the trivial requirements to get a membership of Walmart shops? Is SSN blocked to get a membership? If yes, how can it be avoided? As it might lose potential customers like students.
    
    Are the groceries made available with dietary allergies and other types of customers in mind? (Kosher, Vegan, Lactose Intolerant)
    
    Is the store easily accessible to people with disabilities, the elderly, and pregnant women?
    
    Do retailers develop marketing strategies?
    
    What percentage of goods expire or are thrown away because they are not purchased?
    
    What products do Walmart retailers lack? Why doesn't the retailer stock that genre/category?
    
    How many competitive retailer markets are available in the store's immediate vicinity? Does this have an impact on the store's sales?
    
    How many customers prefer to shop online rather than in the store?
    
    How frequently does the retailer need to advertise the store?
    
    How much of an impact does the advertisement have on sales?
    
    Is the retailer in a prime location in the city?
    
    Is there parking available at the specific retailer store?
    
    Is self-checkout available at the store?


GIT LINKS:
30 Questions - https://github.com/SahilGothoskar/Sales/blob/main/Assignment_2_10_Questions
README - https://github.com/SahilGothoskar/Sales/blob/main/README.md
